README.md, before:

# WinClean: A python Data Cleaning Engine for Windows
WinClean is a Python based Data Cleaning Engine for Windows with a focus on Windows path command errors.

## Project Overview
WinClean uses both static and dynamic analysis to detect Windows path bugs, cleans the data by fixing the bug, and send the user feedback about what went wrong, all without the user experiencing a crash in the
first place. The eventual idea would be that WinClean is automatically passed all path commands and analyzes them for possible bugs ahead of time.

This project will use the python Abstract Syntax Tree package to conduct static analysis and python's venv setup to conduct dynamic analysis. Having both static and dynamic analysis allows for an option that is
more efficient, static analysis, and an option that is more accurate, dynamic analysis. Using a venv setup allows for the code to be run without possibly doing irreversible damage to the file system.

For the data cleaning aspect of this project, WinClean will use a machine learning approach. This allows for more versatilty as newer bugs become known as there are constantly new bugs being discovered. The hope is
to look at integrating ai or something similar into the repo for the tool.

## Research Context

## Installation

## Tool Usage

Commit message:

update README with full project overview and research context as well as a start to tool usage
Expanded on the integration of AI to fix bugs and provide feedback. Added context for the research and creation of WinClean, emphasizing its educational purpose for Windows users.

README.md, after:

# WinClean: A python Data Cleaning Engine for Windows
WinClean is a Python based Data Cleaning Engine for Windows with a focus on Windows path command errors.

## Project Overview
WinClean uses both static and dynamic analysis to detect Windows path bugs, cleans the data by fixing the bug, and send the user feedback about what went wrong, all without the user experiencing a crash in the
first place. The eventual idea would be that WinClean is automatically passed all path commands and analyzes them for possible bugs ahead of time.

This project will use the python Abstract Syntax Tree package to conduct static analysis and python's venv setup to conduct dynamic analysis. Having both static and dynamic analysis allows for an option that is
more efficient, static analysis, and an option that is more accurate, dynamic analysis. Using a venv setup allows for the code to be run without possibly doing irreversible damage to the file system.

For the data cleaning aspect of this project, WinClean will use a machine learning approach. This allows for more versatilty as newer bugs become known as there are constantly new bugs being discovered. The hope is
to look at integrating ai or something similar into the repo for the tool and to train it to take the found bugs and fix them correctly. After fixing the bug, WinClean will pass the cleaned version back out and
print out a feedback message with what was wrong with the original command and how to fix it.

## Research Context
The context for the research and creation of WinClean is that Windows path commands are very distinct and different from Mac and Linux commands. In addition, in the computer science department at Allegheny
College, there are not many Windows users among students who are knowledgable, or have been in the department long enough to learn the correct procedures for doing basic things with github and traversing file
systems. With this, the faculty members usually lean towards Mac or Linux systems, so a lot of being a Windows user on campus becomes learning as you go and always looking things up.

I have a passion for computer science and have been helping out in the department as a Technical Leader, or TL. I would love to help Windows people learn and find a passion for coding and computer science, but I
am one person with a finite amount of time. With a tool like WinClean, students can learn from their mistakes without causing crashes in their file systems from incorrect path commands and improve for next time. 

## Installation
Installation procedure coming soon.

## Tool Usage
WinClean is intended to be used with the intention of having an educational purpose and is geared toward mainly beginners in the computer science industry that may be new to navigating file systems and would thus
benefit from the feedback WinClean will provide.

Usage instructions coming soon.
